Precise Parsing (#4527)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/next/features/4527--precise-parsers.md

> Most parsers now properly adhere to schema of the read data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most parsers now properly adhere to schema of the read data.
```

This needs some explanation. Do you mean that `null` fields are not inserted?

> Most parsers now support `--schema` and `--selector` and various other flags
> to parse their data according to some pre-defined schema/rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most parsers now support `--schema`, `--selector` and various other flags
to parse their data according to a predefined schema.
```

> The CEF, CSV, GELF, JSON, LEEF, Suricata, XSV, YAML, Zeek JSON parsers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CEF, CSV, GELF, JSON, LEEF, Suricata, XSV, YAML, and Zeek JSON parsers
```

+ reflow text

now properly adhere to the schema of the read data. Previously, parsers
would merge heterogeneous input into a single, growing schema,
inserting nulls for fields that did not exist in some events.

These parsers now also support the `--schema`, `--selector` flags to
parse their data according to some given schema, as well as various other

> flags to more precisely control their output schema.

Reviewer 2: Every paragraph is a separate changelog entry, so this should also list all of them.
